Docs s3 sink (#321)
vanus-labs/docs: content/user-guides/connector-guides/sink/s3-setup.md

# S3

This guide contains information to set up S3 Sink in Vanus Cloud.

## Introduction

Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) is a highly scalable and durable object storage service provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS). It is designed to store and retrieve any amount of data from anywhere on the internet, making it ideal for a wide range of use cases such as backup and restore, disaster recovery, data archiving, content delivery, and big data analytics.

## Prerequisites

> Before forwarding events to Google Sheets, you must have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before forwarding events to an S3 bucket, you must have:
```
